docs: add "machine learning pipeline" references, expand context in cmd ref, user guide [SEO] (#1915)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/run.md

`dvc run` is a helper for creating or updating
[pipeline](/doc/command-reference/dag) stages in a `dvc.yaml` file (located in
the current working directory).

_Stages_ represent individual data processes, including their input and

> resulting outputs. Combine stages to capture simple data workflows, organize

Reviewer: For consistency with existing passive voice (typically used in cmd refs except examples sometimes).
```suggestion
resulting outputs. They can be combined to capture simple data workflows, organize
```

Reviewer: Needs formatting though.
